# **Car Summon Application **
#### Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmdq2n4j7Nc
#### Description:
This is a **CAR SUMMON APPLICATION PROGRAM** that allows user to access three different sections, which are **"User's Information", "User's Summon" and "Quit"**. The three sections are accessible in **main()** function through variable **"user"**.In "User's Information" section, user can log into their own account, check and amend information including contact number, email, and living state. In "User's Summon" section, user can log into their own account, check and pay for summon if there is any. In "Quit" section, the user will quit the program. Each main section will be explained further down below.

However, to start the program, **main()** function will be called, and *interface()* function will be called to display the main interface of program, which include details such as name of program, and sections available for user to choose from. In interface() function, a csv file named "interface.csv" is used to tabulate the main interface using tabulate() function from  tabulate library. Then, interface() function will then call **get_input_interface()** function to get input from user on what to do next to either get access to "User's Information", "User's Summon" or "Quit" section. In case of an invalid input, get_input_interface() function will request for input from user again.

Before moving into the three  main sections mentioned above, there is a hidden section. The section includes functions to get user login details, and the functionality of user logging into their own account in "User's Information" and "User's Summon" sections is repeated. Thus, this hidden section is repeated to repeat similar functions to keep codes clean and short. In this hidden section, the first function, **get_login_input()** gets username and password from user. The second function, **get_login_data()**  gets user's location in database. In get_login_data(), the function uses csv.DictReader() to obtain data from database and compare it with the user's input of login details. The function will then return "location of user" to allow program to just show data related to the existing user only.

In the first main section, known as "User's Information", there are six functions, which are **information_interface, information_interface_input,amend_contact,amend_email,amend_state, and amend_Information.** The first function, **information_interface()** displays user's information given the "location of user" returned by get_login_date() function. The second function, **information_interface_input()** asks user for input for actions such as quit,amend contact number, amend email address, and amend states. The third,fourth and fifth functions, which are **amend_contact(),amend_email(), and amend_state()**, are used to amend contacts,emails, and states of user by checking the validity of each input using re library and validators library.If an invalid input is received, the user will be requested to input again. In the end, the sixth function, **amend_Information()** updates the latest amendment made by user.

In the second main section, known as "User's Summon", there are four functions, which are **summon_interface, summon_interface_input, pay_summon, and amend_Summon**. The first function,**summon_interface()** displays user's summon given the "location of user" returned by get_login_date() function. The second function, **summon_interface_input()** asks user for input for action such as quit and pay summon. The fourth function, which is **pay_summon()**, asks for user' Visa/Mastercard number to pay for summon. If an invalid number is received, the user will be requested to input again.Lastly, the fourth function, **amend_Summon()** updates the latest summon of the user.

In the third main section, known as "Quit", there is one function, which is **sys.exit()**, which will allow user to exit the program and print a goodbye message of "Thank you and have a great day :)"
